# PRISM
This repository contains the source code for PRISM's [static analyzer](./analyzer) and [experimental data](./experiment) supporting the claims in the paper "Enhancing APR with Prism: A Semantic-Based Approach to Overfitting Patch Detection."

## Benchmarks
The [benchmarks](./experiment/benchmarks) directory includes all the benchmarks used in our evaluation:
- [rq1](./experiment/benchmarks/rq1): Ranked patch data generated by 10 APR tools.
- [rq2](./experiment/benchmarks/rq2): A collection of patches gathered from previous research.

## Evaluation Results
We provide complete experimental results for each evaluation. Specifically, each directory contains:
- [rq1_results](./experiment/rq1_results): Overall performance data of APR systems when combined with each APCC technique.
- [rq2_results](./experiment/rq2_results): Correct Patch Preservation Rate (CPR) and Incorrect Patch Discard Rate (IDR) values for various internal thresholds of each APCC technique.
- [rq3_results](./experiment/rq3_results): Ablation study results, showing performance variations for combinations of three feature sets (Syn, Sem, SynSem) with two models (RF, PRISM).

## Artifact Instructions
This repository includes the [Python scripts](./experiment/scripts) used to run each [APCC tools](./experiment/tools) and obtain the raw [outputs](./experiment/outputs) necessary to reproduce the evaluation tables.
However, due to their large size, the APCC tools and raw outputs are not included in this repository.
We will provide these components in a future release via an archival repository (e.g., Zenodo), along with complete instructions for environment setup and tool execution.
